<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
                <!DOCTYPE html [
                <!ENTITY cp_businessObjectClass "Multi Audience Collection">
                <!ENTITY cp_object "MAC">
                <!ENTITY cp_objectCaseSensitive "Mac">]><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
      <title>&cp_object; v2016-SEP Package Description </title>
   </head>
    <body>
        <h1>&cp_object; v2016-SEP Package Description </h1>
        <p>&cp_businessObjectClass; (&cp_object;)
            consists of many files all packaged here for you. This is a simple guide to the layout
            of this package. Before attempting to follow the links in this guide, please ensure that
            you have extracted the files from the zip file; otherwise, the links will not work.
        </p>
        <p id="STANDALONE_INTRO">As this is the standalone package, none of 
            the dependant specifications will be included and you will have to assemble 
            the full package with an acceptable version of the dependent specifications 
            that you wish to use.</p>
        <ul>
            <li id="CVE">
                <p>CVE</p>
                <p>The collection of Controlled Vocabulary Enumerations (CVEs) 
                    that this specification is dependent on. Each CVE 
                    directory has the actual CVE files as XML and also has a 
                    PDF rendering of them in the Documentation folder.</p>
            <ul>
               <li>
                  <p>MAC</p>
                  <ul>
                     <li>
                        <a href="./CVE/MAC">MAC</a>
                     </li>
                     <li>
                        <a href="./Documents/MAC/MACCVEnums.pdf">MACCVEnums.pdf</a>
                     </li>
                  </ul>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
            <li>
            <p>Documentation</p>
                
                <p id="STANDALONE_DES">This 
                    includes the document for this specification and the applicable 
                    signature memo associated with it.</p>
                <ul>
               <li>MAC version
                        2016-SEP<ul>
                     <li>
                        <a href="./Documents/MAC/DesMacXml.pdf">DesMacXml.pdf</a>
                     </li>
                     <li>
                        <a href="./Documents/MAC/SignatureMemo.pdf">SignatureMemo.pdf</a>
                     </li>
                  </ul>
               </li>
            </ul>
            </li>
            <li id="EXAMPLES">
                <p>Examples</p>
                <p>Collection of example instance documents for this specification and a PDF copy.</p>
                
                
            <ul>
               <li>
                  <p>MAC</p>
                  <ul>
                     <li>
                        <a href="./Examples/MAC">MAC Example Files</a>
                     </li>
                  </ul>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
            <li id="SCHEMA">
                <p>Schema</p>
                <p id="SCHEMA_STANDALONE">The XSD file to implement this specification excluding dependencies.</p>
                
            <ul>
               <li>
                  <p>MAC</p>
                  <ul>
                     <li>
                        <a href="./Schema/MAC">MAC Schema Files</a>
                     </li>
                  </ul>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
            <li id="SCHEMA_GUIDE">
                <p>SchemaGuide</p>
                <p>XML Schema documentation generated from the XSD files that includes
                    element definitions and diagrams of schema components.</p>
            <ul>
               <li>
                  <a href="./SchemaGuide/index.html">SchemaGuide</a>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
            <li id="SCHEMATRON">
                <p>Schematron</p>
                <p>Collection of constraint rules applicable to this specification. These rules depend on 
                    the CVEs being located at the "correct" relative path they are in this package. 
                    Many of the dependent specifications have applicable constraint rules; each one is 
                    documented separately. Each specification has three main files.</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>
                  <p>xxx_Rules.pdf</p>
                        <p>A generated PDF collection of all the constraint rules. They are actually 
                            many individual .sch files. This file is a more convenient format to 
                            read but is not useful for execution of the rules.</p>
               </li>
                    <li>
                  <p>xxx_XML.sch</p>
                        <p>The top level .sch file that includes all of the others for the particular specification.</p>
               </li>
                    <li>
                  <p>xxx_XML.xsl</p>
                        <p>A pre "compiled" version of the .sch file ready for execution with any XSLT2 
                            capable engine.</p>
               </li>
                </ul>
                <p>Applicable constraint rules are as follows:</p>
            <ul>
               <li>MAC<ul>
                     <li>
                        <a href="./Documents/MAC/MAC_Rules.pdf">MAC_Rules.pdf</a>
                     </li>
                     <li>
                        <a href="./Schematron/MAC">MAC_XML.sch</a>
                     </li>
                     <li>
                        <a href="./Schematron/MAC">MAC_XML.xsl</a>
                     </li>
                  </ul>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
            
            <li>
            <p>
               <a href="./manifest.md5">manifest.md5</a>
            </p>
                <p>This file contains an MD5 checksum of every file in the package. It can be used to 
                    determine if any of the files were corrupted in unzipping or if you have modified 
                    a file.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
            <p><a href="./MACpackage.properties">MACpackage.properties</a></p>
                <p>This file contains information concerning the version, classification, and build
                    time for the package.</p>
            </li>
            
            
        </ul>
    </body>
</html>