<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
                <!DOCTYPE html [
                <!ENTITY cp_businessObjectClass "XML CVE Encoding Specification for Intelligence Discipline">
                <!ENTITY cp_object "INTDIS">
                <!ENTITY cp_objectCaseSensitive "Intdis">]><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
      <title>&cp_object; v2017-JUL Package Description </title>
   </head>
    <body>
        <h1>&cp_object; v2017-JUL Package Description </h1>
        <p>&cp_businessObjectClass; (&cp_object;)
            consists of many files all packaged here for you. This is a simple guide to the layout
            of this package. Before attempting to follow the links in this guide, please ensure that
            you have extracted the files from the zip file; otherwise, the links will not work.
        </p>
        <p id="STANDALONE_INTRO">As this is the standalone package, none of 
            the dependant specifications will be included and you will have to assemble 
            the full package with an acceptable version of the dependent specifications 
            that you wish to use.</p>
        <ul>
            <li id="CVE">
                <p>CVE</p>
                <p>The collection of Controlled Vocabulary Enumerations (CVEs) 
                    that this specification is dependent on. Each CVE 
                    directory has the actual CVE files as XML and also has a 
                    PDF rendering of them in the Documentation folder.</p>
            <ul>
               <li>
                  <p>INTDIS</p>
                  <ul>
                     <li>
                        <a href="./CVE/INTDIS">INTDIS</a>
                     </li>
                     <li>
                        <a href="./Documents/INTDIS/INTDISCVEnums.pdf">INTDISCVEnums.pdf</a>
                     </li>
                  </ul>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
            <li>
            <p>Documentation</p>
                
                <p id="STANDALONE_DES">This 
                    includes the document for this specification and the applicable 
                    signature memo associated with it.</p>
                <ul>
               <li>INTDIS version
                        2017-JUL<ul>
                     <li>
                        <a href="./Documents/INTDIS/CesIntDisXml.pdf">CesIntDisXml.pdf</a>
                     </li>
                     <li>
                        <a href="./Documents/INTDIS/SignatureMemo.pdf">SignatureMemo.pdf</a>
                     </li>
                  </ul>
               </li>
            </ul>
            </li>
            
            <li id="SCHEMA">
                <p>Schema</p>
                <p id="SCHEMA_STANDALONE">The XSD file to implement this specification excluding dependencies.</p>
                
            <ul>
               <li>
                  <p>INTDIS</p>
                  <ul>
                     <li>
                        <a href="./Schema/INTDIS">INTDIS Schema Files</a>
                     </li>
                  </ul>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
            <li id="SCHEMA_GUIDE">
                <p>SchemaGuide</p>
                <p>XML Schema documentation generated from the XSD files that includes
                    element definitions and diagrams of schema components.</p>
            <ul>
               <li>
                  <a href="./SchemaGuide/index.html">SchemaGuide</a>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
            
            
            <li>
            <p>
               <a href="./manifest.md5">manifest.md5</a>
            </p>
                <p>This file contains an MD5 checksum of every file in the package. It can be used to 
                    determine if any of the files were corrupted in unzipping or if you have modified 
                    a file.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
            <p><a href="./INTDISpackage.properties">INTDISpackage.properties</a></p>
                <p>This file contains information concerning the version, classification, and build
                    time for the package.</p>
            </li>
            
            
        </ul>
    </body>
</html>