<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
                <!DOCTYPE html [
                <!ENTITY cp_businessObjectClass "Content Discovery &amp; Retrieval Query Management">
                <!ENTITY cp_object "QM">
                <!ENTITY cp_objectCaseSensitive "Qm">]><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
      <title>&cp_object;
                v2 Package Description
            </title>
   </head>
    <body>
        <h1>&cp_object;
            v2 Package Description
        </h1>
        <p>&cp_businessObjectClass; (&cp_object;) 
            consists of many files all packaged here for you. This is a simple 
            guide to the layout of this package. Before attempting to follow 
            the links in this guide, please ensure that you have extracted the 
            files from the zip file; otherwise, the links will not work.
        </p>
        <p id="STANDALONE_INTRO">As this is the standalone package, none of 
            the dependant specs will be included and you will have to assemble 
            the full package with an acceptable version of the dependent specs 
            that you wish to use.</p>
        <ul>
            
            <li>
            <p>DES</p>
                
                <p id="STANDALONE_DES">The Data Encoding Specification. This 
                    includes the DES document for this specification and the applicable 
                    signature memo associated with it.</p>
                <ul>
               <li>QM
                    version 2<ul>
                     <li>
                        <a href="./Documents/QM/DesRQmXml.pdf">DesRQmXml.pdf</a>
                     </li>
                     <li>
                        <a href="./Documents/QM/DesSQmXml.pdf">DesSQmXml.pdf</a>
                     </li>
                     <li>
                        <a href="./Documents/QM/SignatureMemo.pdf">SignatureMemo.pdf</a>
                     </li>
                  </ul>
               </li>
            </ul>
            </li>
            
            
            
            
            <li>
            <p>
               <a href="./manifest.md5">manifest.md5</a>
            </p>
                <p>This file contains an MD5 checksum of every file in the package. It can be used to 
                    determine if any of the files were corrupted in unzipping or if you have modified 
                    a file.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
            <p><a href="./QMpackage.properties">QMpackage.properties</a></p>
                <p>This file contains information concerning the version, classification, and build
                    time for the package.</p>
            </li>
        </ul>
    </body>
</html>