<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
                <!DOCTYPE html [
                <!ENTITY cp_businessObjectClass "Intelligence Community Only profile of NTK">
                <!ENTITY cp_object "ICO-NTK">
                <!ENTITY cp_objectCaseSensitive "NtkIco">]><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
      <title>&cp_object;
                v1 Package Description
            </title>
   </head>
    <body>
        <h1>&cp_object;
            v1 Package Description
        </h1>
        <p>&cp_businessObjectClass; (&cp_object;) 
            consists of many files all packaged here for you. This is a simple 
            guide to the layout of this package. Before attempting to follow 
            the links in this guide, please ensure that you have extracted the 
            files from the zip file; otherwise, the links will not work.
        </p>
        <p id="STANDALONE_INTRO">As this is the standalone package, none of 
            the dependant specs will be included and you will have to assemble 
            the full package with an acceptable version of the dependent specs 
            that you wish to use.</p>
        <ul>
            
            <li>
            <p>DES</p>
                
                <p id="STANDALONE_DES">The Data Encoding Specification. This 
                    includes the DES document for this specification and the applicable 
                    signature memo associated with it.</p>
                <ul>
               <li>ICO-NTK
                    version 1<ul>
                     <li>
                        <a href="./Documents/ICO-NTK/DesProfileICO-NTKXml.pdf">DesProfileICO-NTKXml.pdf</a>
                     </li>
                     <li>
                        <a href="./Documents/ICO-NTK/SignatureMemo.pdf">SignatureMemo.pdf</a>
                     </li>
                  </ul>
               </li>
            </ul>
            </li>
            <li id="EXAMPLES">
                <p>Examples</p>
                <p>Collection of example instance documents for this specification.</p>
                
                
            <ul>
               <li>
                  <a href="./Examples/ICO-NTK">ICO-NTK</a>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
            
            
            <li id="SCHEMATRON">
                <p>Schematron</p>
                <p>Collection of constraint rules applicable to this DES. These rules depend on 
                    the CVEs being located at the "correct" relative path they are in this package. 
                    Many of the dependent DES have applicable constraint rules; each one is 
                    documented separately. Each DES has 3 main files.</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>
                  <p>xxx_Rules.pdf</p>
                        <p>A generated PDF collection of all the constraint rules. They are actually 
                            many individual .sch files. This file is a more convenient format to 
                            read but is not useful for execution of the rules.</p>
               </li>
                    <li>
                  <p>xxx_XML.sch</p>
                        <p>The top level .sch file that includes all of the others for the particular DES.</p>
               </li>
                    <li>
                  <p>xxx_XML.xsl</p>
                        <p>A pre "compiled" version of the .sch file ready for execution with any XSLT2 
                            capable engine.</p>
               </li>
                </ul>
                <p>Applicable constraint rules are as follows:</p>
            <ul>
               <li>ICO-NTK<ul>
                     <li>
                        <a href="./Schematron/ICO-NTK/ICO-NTK_Rules.pdf">ICO-NTK_Rules.pdf</a>
                     </li>
                     <li>
                        <a href="./Schematron/ICO-NTK">ICO-NTK_XML.sch</a>
                     </li>
                     <li>
                        <a href="./Schematron/ICO-NTK">ICO-NTK_XML.xsl</a>
                     </li>
                  </ul>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
            <li>
            <p>
               <a href="./manifest.md5">manifest.md5</a>
            </p>
                <p>This file contains an MD5 checksum of every file in the package. It can be used to 
                    determine if any of the files were corrupted in unzipping or if you have modified 
                    a file.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
            <p><a href="./ICO-NTKpackage.properties">ICO-NTKpackage.properties</a></p>
                <p>This file contains information concerning the version, classification, and build
                    time for the package.</p>
            </li>
        </ul>
    </body>
</html>