<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
                <!DOCTYPE html [
                <!ENTITY cp_businessObjectClass "Access Control Encoding Specification for Need-to-Know">
                <!ENTITY cp_object "NTK-ACES">
                <!ENTITY cp_objectCaseSensitive "NtkAces">]><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
      <title>&cp_object; v2016-SEP Package Description </title>
   </head>
    <body>
        <h1>&cp_object; v2016-SEP Package Description </h1>
        <p>&cp_businessObjectClass; (&cp_object;)
            consists of many files all packaged here for you. This is a simple guide to the layout
            of this package. Before attempting to follow the links in this guide, please ensure that
            you have extracted the files from the zip file; otherwise, the links will not work.
        </p>
        <p id="STANDALONE_INTRO">As this is the standalone package, none of 
            the dependant specifications will be included and you will have to assemble 
            the full package with an acceptable version of the dependent specifications 
            that you wish to use.</p>
        <ul>
            
            <li>
            <p>Documentation</p>
                
                <p id="STANDALONE_DES">This 
                    includes the document for this specification and the applicable 
                    signature memo associated with it.</p>
                <ul>
               <li>NTK-ACES version
                        2016-SEP<ul>
                     <li>
                        <a href="./Documents/NTK-ACES/AcesNTK.pdf">AcesNTK.pdf</a>
                     </li>
                     <li>
                        <a href="./Documents/NTK-ACES/SignatureMemo.pdf">SignatureMemo.pdf</a>
                     </li>
                  </ul>
               </li>
            </ul>
            </li>
            
            
            
            
            
            <li>
            <p>
               <a href="./manifest.md5">manifest.md5</a>
            </p>
                <p>This file contains an MD5 checksum of every file in the package. It can be used to 
                    determine if any of the files were corrupted in unzipping or if you have modified 
                    a file.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
            <p><a href="./NTK-ACESpackage.properties">NTK-ACESpackage.properties</a></p>
                <p>This file contains information concerning the version, classification, and build
                    time for the package.</p>
            </li>
            
            
        </ul>
    </body>
</html>